Introduction:
I hope already most of the people here knows that my name is Prathibha.
I am a BE graduate spesialized in the stream of Electronics and communications.
I have worked many clients  Siemens, Byjus, Statebank of India.
I have 5+ years experience in to testing both automation and manual.
Curently I am working in suntechnologies. I have been worked  web applications automation using selenium  java 
I have  been working with different domains like Educational domain, building infrastructure, Information domain,finacial domains.

All my privious projects are completely web based applications and those applcations are provides ene-to-end business integration to our clients.
That enables them to offer an uniterrupted contineous business verticle integrations

As a test engineer , I have good experience on writing testcases,preparing tracebility matrix and maitaining the bug reports.
I have successfully performed  different testings like smoke testing, regression testing and sanity testing and so on..
And also I have very good knowledge on automation tool like selenium webdriver. 
we also used jira tool for test management and bug reports.
in the our project we have automated major portion of our manual test suite usimg selenium webdriver and 
by that we were able to save lots of efferts spent on the repetative works.
Extensively worked in executing tests by using TestNG, Maven, and Jenkins.

The Software Quality Engineering group is responsible for testing various applications utilized by Bank members.
 Many of the applications may be entitled to one whole project that involves code deliverables through phases.
 The internal group works with a team of offshore consultants to speed up testing tasks and provide project managers with results on a timely manner

 
Trained the new team members on selenium and to create automation test script using SWAUT BDD framework
I provided training to new team members on using Selenium, an automation tool for web testing. 
I also taught them to create automation test scripts using the Swaut BDD framework, which promotes collaboration and efficient testing practices. 
This training enhances our team's ability to conduct effective quality assurance


Involved in Creating and Automation dashboard using JSP java to execute the scripts from UI for upcoming projects
Automation Dashboard allows Users to execute Selenium BDD automation scripts via web-based dashboard. 
Each application module consist of an application overview, automation and manual test scripts, generated reports, and Help and Contact Us sections.

(Instead Qmetry) 
Test managemnt tool:
TestRail is a web-based test case management tool. 
It is used by QA engineers, developers, and team leads to manage, track, and organize software testing efforts. 
TestRail allows team members to design test cases, organize test suites, execute test runs, 
and track their results, all from a modern and easy-to-use web interface. 

Manage test cases, suites, and test runs
Boost testing productivity
Real-time insights into your testing progress

Team self motivated


